hey man it's been a while since I make a
I've been made a video in a while
because I have been making this radar
system well the beginning I tried to
talk fast but it didn't work out for me
yeah anyway this will show you how this
works my two months prochik yeah first
input is going to be brown next input
it's going to be yellow just gonna up to
6 inputs I have a book trying to come
out halfway so if I do talk a bit weird
it's because the burbs coming out or
something anyway we're going all the way
to that color of their next we're going
to go the way to this oh you can hear
your pressure place but there's an
impression place down here yeah blue so
this can record six it can recall one
more I'll go back to this one used to
show you I can reuse this yes see
there's no pressure plates it's I'll
show you what the pixels are back there
but these pressure plates anyway let's
go play so first on that is that and the
good thing about this is that i can read
it again so this is I can read as many
times as I want yep it works and to
erase all the memory I just click this
button and it does you can see that
thing blinking over that it usually
takes around a second or two to delete
everything there we go everything's
deleted to show you that everything
that's deleted nothing will play there
we go anyway just uses ol D flip-flops
and an gates and lots of virus no
lectures and stuff like that I don't
want to get down into detail causes
quite confusing but just to show you how
everything works here this is basically
everything all of this Oh some down to
this little D flip-flop in an and gate
oh and how everything is responding
really fast is using instant wire so you
can make this really big it's not going
to delay or anything it's still going to
be in the same
as this so debris time takes nine ticks
for the information to come up from this
memory area or the way to your display
and it takes around five tix to write
your memory your information yeah very
fast anyway all right hold on itself our
texts this is 54 Peter style fully max I
think no no no no no no it takes around
12 tix less than 12 tix to write
whatever i'm getting off track anyway
there's basically a d flip-flop for you
cool kids up there who don't know
anything about this because i didn't
know anything about this until i started
into this project a d flip-flop is
basically you have your input area it
has to be toggled and for it to get the
memory you have to clock it so you just
have to activate that and then we go the
memory stays on yeah and to read I have
this red line up is reading input this
is the reading output if I do the
reading input as you can see the output
is whatever this is so if I clock it
again since I nothing's on it will
disappear that's off that's the reading
now it's nothing it's off that's
basically how it works it uses a lot of
instant wire this is not complicated it
might look complicated but it's just
pretty simple here I have to reset
system over here is basically an RS nor
latch connected to a a 5 tick I think
this get this is a 52 including that
torch comes to 5 tech clock or fourth
take out in there anyway it works this
uses for ticks the clocking mechanism
uses for text I anything more isn't
necessary but anything less wouldn't
work this over here is an RS nor latch
that's on a surf reset time to make that
four tix because
instant wire can't be toggled on or off
it just sends a to post in the matter
what so I had to extend that post with
Cyrus no lashes all right that's
explaining the memory system to explain
how all these works basically I have
arrows on pressure plates as you can see
it activates when I'm Europe if I really
go really far away around here I think
yeah offs this is actually quite
complicated we're not really complicated
to explain just take a bit of time so
I'm going to save that for next video
but that's how you basically detect its
fresher play fire underneath arrow yeah
the number well the good the really good
thing about this system is that this
will work all the time when you leave
the server when you come back when you
leave the chunk and come back it will
still work the only bad side to this is
that sometimes the arrows get deleted
they don't despawn they just get deleted
for some reason maybe because it's just
too many arrows or something I don't
know about anyway they just delete
themselves for some strange reason it's
not a dude spoon I'm hundred percent
sure it's not a team sport but anyway
yeah that's everything hope you guys
like it and I will see you guys later